## Homework (Sep. 27)
---
### Question 1 

- SSD is usually based on flash storage. About its working principle, wiki mentions:
> A solid-state drive (SSD) is a solid-state storage device that uses integrated circuit assemblies as memory to store data persistently. SSD technology primarily uses electronic interfaces compatible with traditional block input/output (I/O) hard disk drives (HDDs), which permit simple replacements in common applications. New I/O interfaces like SATA Express and M.2 have been designed to address specific requirements of the SSD technology.

- Adventages:
  - fast input/output
  - vibration resistance
  - low energy usage
  - no noise
  - portable
- Disadvantages:
  - small capacity
  - short age
  - high price

---
### Question 2

- Since CPU is working, the CPU cache (L1 cache and L2 cache) would take part.
- Disk buffer takes part to store data.
- While browsing webpages, the web cache and DNS cache is working.

---
### Question 3

Once I came across an article that says the Moore's Law would collapse just in a few decades. The reason is that the transistors can't be shrinked infinitely. There is a boundary: the width of an electron. So in the future, the tradional silicon-based engineering will have a limit. The passage suggests some other sorts of computer or technology might appear and develope，such as quantum computer, optical computer, biological computer, and 3D Tri-Gate transistor technology. Quantum computer, for example, uses quantums instead of transistors to store information. And since a quantum can represent 0 and 1 at the same time, so it would be a much more effective way to store data.

See also: [The Past, Present, and Future of the CPU, According to Intel and AMD
](https://www.gamespot.com/articles/the-past-present-and-future-of-the-cpu-according-t/1100-6421514/)
